To start, I setup the file structure as instructed. I had a small amount of trouble becuase I forgot to install what the backend requires but I got it all set. Next I set up the ajax component and ran a simple test on it. This was in class a while ago so I don't remember the specifics but I did get it working. I decided to start by working on the html/css and make sure that works without issue in angular. I decided to add everything that was in head to index.html, and then most of the other html and all the css to the app root component because it was the main app and not really a sub component (note that keeping the bootstrap script in head makes it so it doesn't have to be installed with npm). While doing this I noticed the base html tag so I read up on that a little bit and decided to keep it in. Next I put the favicon into the assets folder and set up the href for that. I also noticed that you didn't need to include styles.css because that was already general CSS for the entire angular project.  

The next thing I realized was that I needed to correctly install JQuery for Angular since I used it a ton in the ts. I install it with npm, and then when I was figuring how to fully set it up I realized that I probably shouldn't really be used JQuery. So, I decided to remake all the JS (now TS) so JQuery is not used. The first step was to turn all the JQuery code into vanilla TS code, which took a little bit. Initially it was small line replacements, basically changing `.html()` with `.innerhtml = `, `$("#alertDiv")` with `document.getElementById("alertDiv");`, and other changes like that. I also had to make a custom type for TS's typing requirements aswell as other typing changes. The next part was more complicated. I had to change my JS ajax call with the ajax component that was provided. To start, I changed the http service function to take in the url as an arguement so that I can customize it for the params. I also moved the html for the button into the componet so now the component involves the button, which is how you activate it so it makes sense. I added some TS code to grab the username and then send the request. Now, I had to give that information to the parent component to use. I set up the output decorator and event emitter to send it to the parent componet and that worked well. However, I was getting a lot of trouble trying to get the alert to display if the username wasn't found. I eventually got it working, but it wasn't helping that for some reason sometimes my changes wouldn't go through. Maybe it's because it takes longer to compile with build and I wasn't waiting long enough? 

I was able to get the OWASP ZAP scan working pretty well. The only weird thing is that the file for the report doesn't display in Firefox for me but it works fine in chrome. If you open it and it's a blank file, just try another browser. Thanks!

References:
* https://stackoverflow.com/questions/17162308/node-js-error-cannot-find-module-express
* https://blog.bitsrc.io/how-to-use-jquery-with-angular-when-you-absolutely-have-to-42c8b6a37ff9
* https://www.workversatile.com/jquery-to-javascript-converter
* https://stackoverflow.com/questions/55588968/type-error-object-is-possibly-null-ts2531-for-window-document
* https://stackoverflow.com/questions/12989741/the-property-value-does-not-exist-on-value-of-type-htmlelement